A welcome back so far this section has been pretty light on exercises activities.
All that stuff that I try and incorporate throughout the rest of the course and that's not for lack
of trying it's just that most scraping anything that I could ask you to do is pretty involved typically
and you need to do it on your own computer and things change in the way that it might ask you to scrape
might not be there you know a month from now.
So I'm hesitant to make a ton of exercises but I am going to do this one.
And it's big.
It's a project we're going to make a game not the most riveting game but it's going to grab data from
a Web site grab quotes and then we're going to make a guessing game where you have to guess you know
who said a quote and you can't guess it then you get hints about where they were born what year they
were born with their initials are that sort of thing.
There are instructions or requirements that you can read in a text file.
I'll go over them briefly.
The Web site we're going to scrape First of all is called quotes dot to scrape dot com.
This is one of the rare Web sites that encourages you to scrape the point of it is to help people learn
how scraping works and it has a bunch of quotes as you can see.
Here's one.
The world is we have created it is a process of our thinking cannot be changed without changing our
thinking.
By Albert Einstein.
And if you scroll down you can click next.
And we're going to scrape all of these.
So you're going to keep going forever until there are no more to scrape.
I'm not sure how many pages there are but that doesn't matter because our code will just keep going
until it's unable to go any further.
And on top of that if we just look at one of these quickly see I won't give away too much.
But you know each quote it instead of a div instead of another day of class you go to quote.
So that's a good thing to know that you can use to scrape.
This class equals a quote.
So this is the data we're going to work with.
Let me show you the finished the final product how it should work.
My terminal if I run my file here it starts by going and collecting a bunch of quotes and then we get
the first thing.
Here's a quote.
I have always imagined that paradise will be a kind of library.
Who said this.
Oh geez I have no idea.
Let's just guess.
How about Hellen Keller.
Here's a hint.
Arthur was born in 1899 in Buenos Aires Argentina.
OK so I don't know that many famous Argentine's from that period.
I'm going to go.
OK so one Perone probably wouldn't say something like that.
He was born roughly nobody 18:00 with Boras.
I think I have to spell it that way the code is set up right now.
I need his whole name so I think it's like this yes.
All right.
Seemed like something he would say some magical realist author that I remember from high school at least.
Would you like to play again.
Sure one more time.
Oh no I had and what I meant to do.
OK so I'll try again.
To the well organized mind death is but the next great adventure.
OK.
Somebody cares about a well organized mind.
I am just going to guess.
Albert Einstein.
I don't think it was him that I'm going to show you how the guessing behavior works or the hint behavior
this author was born July 31st 1965 in Yate South Gloucester Gloucester England.
The UK in 1965 and the UK.
I don't know.
That seems pretty late.
I honestly have no idea.
Roughly born around then.
Neil Gaiman.
Seems like something a writer would say.
Oh OK another hint.
The author's first name start.
Jay Oakey.
I don't know I'm going to get one more hint here.
Let's just type some jibberish.
Author's last name.
OK.
A Jain are born in the 60s OK I don't want to waste too much time.
I think
it could be her in a Harry Potter book though.
The well organized right.
Let's see.
All right.
And just to show you if I do hit why I won't keep going good I did oh this looks like another J.K. Rowling
quote Lord Voldemort.
Two in a row anyway.
So I keep playing if I want I can type Y.
So that's the general behavior we get I guess based off of a quote We can ask for him or we can make
a guess and then get a hint of wrong and those hints don't go forever so if I just keep guessing incorrectly
you can see there says guess's remaining one and then it tells me the answer was J.K. Rowling.
Do you want to play again.
All right so that's the gist of it.
Let's talk about the requirements.
What you need to do first is write the scraping portion the game logic can come second.
So focus just make a file.
You don't have to call it scraping project up why.
But what it should do is go to quote start to scrape dotcom and then grab data from every quote on the
Web site.
And remember there are multiple pages.
So if you have questions about how to do that.
My hint to you is that you need to use a loop and my strategy would actually to be look at this next
button and you can see it has a u r l but at some point there isn't going to be a next button on the
page.
Here we go.
So on this page there isn't an X button anymore.
I don't know a year from now there might be more quotes.
There could be a next button.
So you don't want to hard code the number of pages you want to dynamically look for that next button.
And if there's an X button keep scrape and keep looping.
Otherwise just break out of the loop.
OK so you're going to scrape all the quotes and for each one integrate the text of the quote Whatever
the actual quote is itself the name of the person who said the quote and then the age of the link to
the person's bio.
So each quote when the author section there's a link that you can click on to get more information about
the author I believe you can see that here.
Let's click on Jimi Hendrix about then we get things like this line where he was born and you know his
name.
And then also this description which I didn't use.
All I all I took advantage of was the born and location where they were born and then their initials.
So you don't have to scrape all of the author information at the beginning.
All you're going to do is scrape all the quotes and then stored in a list.
Then we're going to actually write the game functionality and the game displays one quote just picks
one randomly to the user and asks Who said it.
And then the player has guesses.
If the player guesses incorrectly then we you know decrement the number of guesses that they have.
And if they get to 0 without identifying the player loses.
As far as the Hinske go the first one.
What you should do in this is the rest of the are up to you.
But the first hint you need to make a request to the author's bio page.
So you're going to use that you are that you stored in the beginning when you've scraped all the quotes.
Take that ATF and send a request and get the little thing I just showed right here.
And he described this portion very easy scraping.
There's not much on this page.
You'll extract this and then print that to the user and then for the final two hent it's up to you.
You could do things like the first letter of the author's last first name or the last name.
The number of letters and one of their names or if you want to get fancy you could use this description
but remove all instances of the quote the author's name.
So I mean if it just said Jimi Hendrix right away it would give it away.
But if you redacted it use the name and you found all instances in the description.
You remove them or you replace them with whatever you know dollar signs blank was an American guitarist
singer and songwriter.
Just take the first line.
OK.
Let's give you some ideas here just spit ball and that could make for a good game.
And the final requirement is that when the game is over just ask the player if they want to play again.
Should you keep going.
So there will be some sort of loop that you should have for the game play.
And then if the user doesn't want to play any more if they type an or no or quit whatever you want you
break out.
So how do you structure this is up to you if you want to just do a bunch of methods if you want to actually
create classes.
You don't have to.
It might be a bit overkill depending on how complex you want to make this but I'm probably just going
to stick to a couple simple methods and a couple loops and keep it simple.
But by all means feel free to explore any structure any solution that you'd like or any additional functionality
to give it a shot on your own if you would prefer to do that.
It is structured as an exercise but it also is a big step and we are towards the end of the course so
I think it's OK at this point to have these larger jumps but I'm also going to have a complete code
along.
So if you want to just follow along in the next video I'll start.
I think we'll probably take two full videos of 10 or so minutes each to actually build the solution.
So if you want to follow along do that or just look at my solution if you want some.
But remember the solution I come up with is not the only way of doing it.
So don't you just don't be discouraged if your code looks different.
And I think that's about as long and rambling of introduction that I could give to an exercise.
Like I said this one is a big step.
So take your time and in the next video I'll start with a solution.